add instructions for building your own endpoint (#4)
marten-seemann/quic-network-simulator: README.md

All paramters to `run.sh` are passed to waf, i.e. the command run inside the container will be `./waf --run "simple-p2p --delay=10ms --bandwidth=10Mbps"`.

### Building your own QUIC endpoint

The [endpoint](endpoint) directory contains the base docker image for an endpoint container. 
The pre-built image is available on [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/martenseemann/quic-network-simulator-endpoint).

When building a Docker image for your own QUIC implementation, use it as the base image:

> ```docker

Reviewer: I would show 3 sections in the dockerfile first: base image, building your endpoint, running the endpoint. Then go into what each section is.

FROM martenseemann/quic-network-simulator-endpoint:latest
```

> In order to configure the containers to work in this simulation, you have to run the set up script that comes with the endpoint. It's a good idea to make this first thing that you run when starting the container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to configure the containers to work in this simulation, you have to run the setup script that comes with the endpoint. It's a good idea to make this first thing that you run when starting the container:
```
